So while there are different situations or different areas and locations
where I am concerned about sexual harassment, I think the some of
the factors would be or added factors would be if the person is, um,
by themselves, they're single, Um, and it doesn't matter if it's male
or female, Um, and then if there's alcohol involved, I don't want
to say that there are areas where it could happen mostly, for example,
if they're on a ship or if they're overseas sexual harassment.
If it's going to happen, it can happen anywhere from your smallest commands
to your larger commands. It can definitely happen. It just means
that we have to be very vigilant and making sure that we are paying
attention to the things that are going on. Mhm.